Readme update (#1)
scalar-labs/scalardl-client-sdk: docs/dl-getting-started.md

## Interact with ClientService 

> The tools we have used above are useful for testing purposes, but should not be used for production applications. The Client SDK also provides a service layer called `ClientService` which should be used for production applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tools we have used above are useful for testing purposes, but should not be used for production applications. The Client SDK provides a service layer called `ClientService` which should be used for production applications.
```

Author: Thanks!

> The following is a code snippet showing how to use `ClientService` to execute a contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet shows how to use `ClientService` to execute a contract.
```

Author: Thanks!

```java
Injector injector =
  Guice.createInjector(new ClientModule(new ClientConfig(new File(properties))));

try (ClientService service = injector.getInstance(ClientService.class)) {
  JsonObject jsonArgument = Json.createReader(new StringReader(contractArgument)).readObject();
  ContractExecutionResponse response = service.executeContract(contractId, jsonArgument);
  System.out.println("status: " + response.getStatus());
  System.out.println("result: " + response.getResult());
}
```

> It's pretty self-explanatory. It creates a `ClientService` instance using the dependency injection framework called `Guice`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above creates a `ClientService` instance using the dependency injection framework called `Guice`,
```

Author: Indeed. This is much better.
